Add graphql queries for stoping an agent (#2657)
buildkite/docs: pages/apis/graphql/cookbooks/agents.md

  }
}
```

## Stop an agent

> First, get the agent ID. Search for the agent in the org where the `search-string` will match agent name and retrieve the agent ID

Reviewer: Thanks @nsuma8989 for your contribution!

Just a couple of minor suggested changes...

```suggestion
First, get the agent's ID. Search for the agent in the organization where the `search-string` matches the agent name and retrieve the agent's ID.
```
